# Use Case 1.1: Make an order

#### Actors
- **Primary actor:** Customer
- **Secondary actor:** Staff


#### Triggers 
Customer is on the page for order

#### Precondition  
- Customer needs to have an active internet connection  
- The website needs to be accessible by the customer  
- Customer is on the page for order

### Description
 Customer chooses one of the four services available for him to use. Then he selects service, puts details in the form, accepts the terms and conditions of use and confirms the order

## Flow

#### Main flow
1. Customer visits the page "WASH NOW" ("LAVAR AHORA")
- Customer sees the list of laundry services, that can be selected. No service is selected initially. 
- Customer selects services and puts required data (laundry weight or items)
    > Here will be a link to special cases (Selecting Washing and Drying)
- Customer may put a discount coupon
- Customer sees the price for the services
- Customer fills out the form indicating his name, town/city, address line, e-mail, date and time for dispatch and delivery
- Customer may give his watsapp number
- Customer may leave a comment
- Customer tick off the checkbox "I accept the terms and conditions of use"
- Customer click the button to confirm the order
- Customer receives a confirmation email about the order


#### Alternative flows

3.  a. Customer selected no service. Customer clicks the button to confirm the order in the step 10. 
  The error is shown that at least one service should be selected. The use case stops.


6.а. Customer doesn't indicate one of the required information (name, town/city, address line, e-mail)  
   >>6a.1. The notice to fill out the fields is appeared
    
2a. Customer enters the weight of laundry less than 1 kg    
  1. The figure automatically turns into 1 as the minimum

**2b. Customer enters more than 150 kg for laundry  
   2b.1. The figure automatically turns into high limit of 150  
   2b.2. The window with notice that the weight can not be exceed 150 kg appears**

6а. Customer doesn't indicate one of the required information (name, town/city, address line, e-mail)  
  6a.1. The notice to fill out the fields is appeared

9a. Customer doesn't tick off the checkbox "I accept the terms and conditions of use"

**9a.1. The notice to tick off the checkbox to make in order is required**


**Exceptions:**  
5a. The price doesn't change when the weight of laundry changes and the order is confirmed
   5a.1. The staff connect the customer via whatsapp  
   5a.2. The staff connect the customer via e-mail


**Level:**

**Stakeholders:**
